## What is this?
This is a project i made for a school project, I'm currently finnishing my highschool ED being at my last term. In this project we had to pick a topic that we were interested in to learn more about and really delve into the depths of. As a maintainer on opentk and a opengl developer I am very interested in graphics programming. However I have noticed that a couple of steps in the graphics pipeline I don't really know that much about or have that much controll over. The aim of this project is to learn more about one of those steps, the rasterizer. I hope this will teach me more about how they work and how to optimize around them. What are the dos and don'ts when you have a rasterizer as part of your program.

## Project structure
Rather than just creatin a rasterizer I also wanted to see how the rasterizer plays into the rest of the graphics pipeline. So I simulated some of the other parts of the graphics pipeline. The first step of this process was creating a window, then I created one triangle for drawing to the window with a texture, making sure the triangle covers the entire screen. The triangle has texture coordinates that are equivelant to the fragment positions. This makes for a single texture to cover the entire screen. Now that I have a texture I can draw to the entire window with this texture will act as my framebuffer. I also have a opengl rasterizer set-up in a different window so that can be used as a reference. They both draw the same triangles that are generated in [Program.cs](Rasterizer/Program.cs)